# Patient information
Test subject: X

Date interview as stated on the interview form: X

Date of the questionnaire: X

Year of birth: X

Age: X

Gender: X

Year of education: 1X

Year of education father: X

Year of education mother: X

Urbanity score: X

Mom age at birth: X

Dad age at birth: X

Is the patient currently suffering from a specific phobia?: X

Is the patient suffering from a specific phobia in his lifetime?: X

Is the patient currently suffering from an eating disorder?: X

Is the patient suffering from an eating disorder in his lifetime?: X

Is the patient currently suffering from an alcohol use disorder?: X

Is the patient suffering from an alcohol use disorder in his lifetime?: X

If I have plans, I follow them through. (RS251): 4X

I usually manage everything somehow. (RS252): X

I can rely on myself rather than on others. (RS253): X

It is important for me to stay interested in many things. (RS254): X

If I have to, I can be alone. (RS255): X

I am proud of what I have already achieved. (RS256): X

I'm not easily thrown off track. (RS257): X

I like myself. (RS258): X

I can manage several things at the same time. (RS259): X

I am determined. (RS2510): X

I rarely ask myself questions about meaning. (RS2511): X

I take things as they come. (RS2512): X

I can get through difficult times because I know that I have done it before. (RS2513): X

I have self-discipline. (RS2514): X

I stay interested in many things. (RS2515): X

I often find something to laugh about. (RS2516): X

My belief in myself helps me even in hard times. (RS2517): X

I can be relied on in emergencies. (RS2518): X

I can usually see a situation from several perspectives. (RS2519): X

I can also overcome myself to do things that I don't really want to do. (RS2520): X

My life has a purpose. (RS2521): X

I don't insist on things that I can't change. (RS2522): X

When I'm in a difficult situation, I usually find a way out. (RS2523): X

I have enough energy to do everything I have to do. (RS2524): X

I can accept it if not everyone likes me. (RS2525): X

I have people who can look after my home (flowers, pets) when I'm not there. (FSozU1): X

There are people who accept me for who I am. (FSozU2): X

It is important for my friends/relatives to know my opinion on certain things. (FSozU3): X

I would like more understanding and care from others. (FSozU4): X

I have a very trusted person whose help I can always count on. (FSozU5): X

I can borrow tools and food if necessary. (FSozU6): X

I have friends/relatives who can listen when I need to talk. (FSozU7): X

I hardly know anyone I like to go out with. (FSozU8): X

I have friends/relatives who can give me a hug. (FSozU9): X

If I am ill, I can ask friends/relatives to do important things (e.g. shopping) for me without hesitation. (FSozU10): X

If I'm really depressed, I know who I can go to. (FSozU11): X

I often feel like an outsider. (FSozU12): X

There are people who share my joys and sorrows. (FSozU13): X

With some friends/relatives, I can also be quite relaxed. (FSozU14): X

I have a trusted person who I feel very comfortable around. (FSozU15): X

I have enough people who really help me when I get stuck. (FSozU16): X

There are people who stick by me even when I make mistakes. (FSozU17): X

I would like more security and closeness. (FSozU18): X

There are enough people with whom I have a really good relationship. (FSozU19): X

There is a community of people (circle of friends, clique) that I feel drawn to. (FSozU20): X

I often get good tips from my circle of friends and acquaintances (e.g. good doctor, important information). (FSozU21): X

There are people to whom I can show all my feelings without it being embarrassing. (FSozU22): X

In the last month, how often did you feel upset because of something that happened unexpectedly? (PSS1sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel unable to control the important things in your life? (PSS2sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel nervous and stressed? (PSS3sf): X

In the last month, how often were you able to successfully handle daily problems and irritations? (PSS4sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel you were handling important changes in your life well? (PSS5sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel confident about your ability to handle your personal problems? (PSS6sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel that things were going your way? (PSS7sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel that you could not fulfill all your responsibilities? (PSS8sf): X

In the last month, how often were you able to control irritations in your life? (PSS9sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel that you were on top of everything? (PSS10sf): X

In the last month, how often did you get upset about things you couldn't control? (PSS11sf): X

In the last month, how often did you find yourself thinking about things you still needed to do? (PSS12sf): X

In the last month, how often were you able to decide how to spend your time? (PSS13sf): X

In the last month, how often did you feel that difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them? (PSS14sf): X

Health: Major change in sleeping habits - Type of influence (LEQ_pn3): X

Health: Major change in sleeping habits - Influence on life (LEQ3): X

Health: Onset of menopause - Type of influence (LEQ_pn8): X

Health: Onset of menopause - Influence on life (LEQ8): X

Love and partnership: Problems with boyfriend or girlfriend - Type of influence (LEQ_pn30): X

Love and partnership: Problems with boyfriend or girlfriend - Influence on life (LEQ30): X

Love and partnership: Change in closeness to partner - Type of influence (LEQ_pn35): X

Love and partnership: Change in closeness to partner - Influence on life (LEQ35): X

Personal or social events: changes in your social activities (clubs, events, visits) - Type of influence (LEQ_pn65): X

Personal or social events: changes in your social activities (clubs, events, visits) - Influence on life (LEQ65): X

Current living situation: X

People in the household under 14 years: X

People in the household over 14 years: X

Earning a living is currently predominantly: X

Current work situation: X

Current occupation: X

Current social contacts: X

Highest educational qualification achieved by subject: X

Highest educational qualification achieved by father: X

Highest educational qualification achieved by mother: X

Father's year of birth: X

Father's year of birth: X

Own immigration or parents'?: X

Number of biological sons: X

Age of biological sons: X

Do you have siblings?: X

Number of sisters, parents shared: X

Age of sisters, parents shared: X

Are there twins in your first degree family?: X

Are you a twin yourself?: X

Did you drink significantly more in the past than you used to? (FzT1): X

How often do you drink alcoholic beverages now? (FzT2): X

How often do you drink alcoholic beverages in the past? (FzT3): X

How often do you feel guilty/remorseful because of alcohol now? (FzT14): X

How often do you feel guilty/remorseful because of alcohol in the past? (FzT15): X

How often have you not been able to remember something because of alcohol in the past? (FzT17): X

Have you ever injured yourself or someone else because of drinking alcohol? (FzT18): X

Has a relative, friend or doctor advised you to reduce your alcohol consumption? (FzT19): X

Have you ever sought professional help for alcohol problems? (FzT20): X

